---
title: Genesis 1
lastUpdated: true
---
## Genesis 1
### The First Book of Moses, Commonly Called Genesis

**1** In the beginning, God[^1] created the heavens and the earth. **2** The earth was formless and empty. Darkness was on the surface of the deep and God’s Spirit was hovering over the surface of the waters.

</div>

<div class="p" markdown="1">

<span id="V3" class="verse">3 </span>God said, “Let there be light,” and
there was light. <span id="V4" class="verse">4 </span>God saw the light,
and saw that it was good. God divided the light from the darkness.
<span id="V5" class="verse">5 </span>God called the light “day”, and the
darkness he called “night”. There was evening and there was morning, the
first day.

</div>

<div class="p" markdown="1">

<span id="V6" class="verse">6 </span>God said, “Let there be an expanse
in the middle of the waters, and let it divide the waters from the
waters.” <span id="V7" class="verse">7 </span>God made the expanse, and
divided the waters which were under the expanse from the waters which
were above the expanse; and it was so. <span id="V8"
class="verse">8 </span>God called the expanse “sky”. There was evening
and there was morning, a second day.

</div>

<div class="p" markdown="1">

<span id="V9" class="verse">9 </span>God said, “Let the waters under the
sky be gathered together to one place, and let the dry land appear;” and
it was so. <span id="V10" class="verse">10 </span>God called the dry
land “earth”, and the gathering together of the waters he called “seas”.
God saw that it was good. <span id="V11" class="verse">11 </span>God
said, “Let the earth yield grass, herbs yielding seeds, and fruit trees
bearing fruit after their kind, with their seeds in it, on the earth;”
and it was so. <span id="V12" class="verse">12 </span>The earth yielded
grass, herbs yielding seed after their kind, and trees bearing fruit,
with their seeds in it, after their kind; and God saw that it was good.
<span id="V13" class="verse">13 </span>There was evening and there was
morning, a third day.

</div>

<div class="p" markdown="1">

<span id="V14" class="verse">14 </span>God said, “Let there be lights in
the expanse of the sky to divide the day from the night; and let them be
for signs to mark seasons, days, and years; <span id="V15"
class="verse">15 </span>and let them be for lights in the expanse of the
sky to give light on the earth;” and it was so. <span id="V16"
class="verse">16 </span>God made the two great lights: the greater light
to rule the day, and the lesser light to rule the night. He also made
the stars. <span id="V17" class="verse">17 </span>God set them in the
expanse of the sky to give light to the earth, <span id="V18"
class="verse">18 </span>and to rule over the day and over the night, and
to divide the light from the darkness. God saw that it was good.
<span id="V19" class="verse">19 </span>There was evening and there was
morning, a fourth day.

</div>

<div class="p" markdown="1">

<span id="V20" class="verse">20 </span>God said, “Let the waters abound
with living creatures, and let birds fly above the earth in the open
expanse of the sky.” <span id="V21" class="verse">21 </span>God created
the large sea creatures and every living creature that moves, with which
the waters swarmed, after their kind, and every winged bird after its
kind. God saw that it was good. <span id="V22"
class="verse">22 </span>God blessed them, saying, “Be fruitful, and
multiply, and fill the waters in the seas, and let birds multiply on the
earth.” <span id="V23" class="verse">23 </span>There was evening and
there was morning, a fifth day.

</div>

<div class="p" markdown="1">

<span id="V24" class="verse">24 </span>God said, “Let the earth produce
living creatures after their kind, livestock, creeping things, and
animals of the earth after their kind;” and it was so. <span id="V25"
class="verse">25 </span>God made the animals of the earth after their
kind, and the livestock after their kind, and everything that creeps on
the ground after its kind. God saw that it was good.

</div>

<div class="p" markdown="1">

<span id="V26" class="verse">26 </span>God said, “Let’s make man in our
image, after our likeness. Let them have dominion over the fish of the
sea, and over the birds of the sky, and over the livestock, and over all
the earth, and over every creeping thing that creeps on the earth.”
<span id="V27" class="verse">27 </span>God created man in his own image.
In God’s image he created him; male and female he created them.
<span id="V28" class="verse">28 </span>God blessed them. God said to
them, “Be fruitful, multiply, fill the earth, and subdue it. Have
dominion over the fish of the sea, over the birds of the sky, and over
every living thing that moves on the earth.” <span id="V29"
class="verse">29 </span>God said,
“Behold,<a href="#FN2" class="notemark">‡<span class="popup"> “Behold”, from
“הִנֵּה”, means look at, take notice, observe, see, or gaze at. It is often
used as an interjection.</span></a> I have given you every herb yielding
seed, which is on the surface of all the earth, and every tree, which
bears fruit yielding seed. It will be your food. <span id="V30"
class="verse">30 </span>To every animal of the earth, and to every bird
of the sky, and to everything that creeps on the earth, in which there
is life, I have given every green herb for food;” and it was so.

</div>

<div class="p" markdown="1">

<span id="V31" class="verse">31 </span>God saw everything that he had
made, and, behold, it was very good. There was evening and there was
morning, a sixth day.

</div>

-   [Genesis](index.htm)
-   [\<](FRT01.htm)
-   [1](GEN.htm)
-   [\>](GEN02.htm)

<div class="footnote" markdown="1">

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[^1]: 1:1 The Hebrew word rendered “God” is “אֱלֹהִ֑ים” (Elohim).

<span class="notemark">‡</span><a href="#V29" class="notebackref">1:29</a>
<span class="ft">“Behold”, from “הִנֵּה”, means look at, take notice,
observe, see, or gaze at. It is often used as an interjection.</span>