# Best Burger Ever

## A new day

Today was the second day of this year's 21 days of fasting and prayer. It was also the first work day of this year's 21 days. I slept in a little longer than I would have like. But that kind of makes sense. I had difficulty falling asleep last night. It was the first night since last year's 21 day fast/prayer period that I didn't fall asleep watching TV...hehehe Not having the TV shows going meant I spent extra time talking with God. Keeping my mind engaged meant I didn't fall asleep quickly.

The moment my white noise app slowly silenced, I woke right up. I went straight to "The Lord's Prayer" and the daily refresh in the YouVersion app. Just like I had been doing for the past 100 days. I also read Luke 22 and completed day 2 of the 21 days of fasting and prayer guide from church. It has been a wonderful way to wake up these past 100 days.

After that, I hopped out of bed (yes, I literally hop out of bed every day now), made my bed, shaved my head and face, and took a shower. Quite the refreshing way to get the day started. I've been making my bed for quite a while now. I believe it began in Autumn of 2021 when I was using a Japanese floor mattress. I occupied a single room at my roommate's house. To make the most of the space, I used the floor mattress and put it away when I woke. I've been practicing the habit of keeping my bed nice and tiddy even after I switched back to a traditional bed when I moved to Florida.

## Refreshing beverages

Just like most days lately, I found myself in the kitchen drinking my first refreshing glass of high quickly H2O! I take an allergy pill every morning. And since I go all night without anything to drink, water is a great way to start. Once I down that first 13 ounces of water, I prepare my coffee maker. I use precisely 14 ounces of water for my coffee. I grind my beans fresh every few days. Today was not one of those days. I still had some left from my last grinding a few days ago. I use reusable stainless steel "K cup" capsules for my machine. I like the measurable portion of coffee of the "K cup" size but never liked the waste of actual K cups. So this is the best of 2 worlds. The convenience with the reusability! Today's mug was my Minnie Mouse and Daisy mug.

While the coffee is brewing, my next task is to pour a half glass of orange juice. It comes out to about 7 ounces of OJ and I only keep Florida OJ at home. Although it is branded as Florida, the packaging indicates some of the oranges are sourced from other places like Mexico. I imagine it would be best if I did freshly squeezed at home. And someday I may start doing that. But for now, this OJ will do. It is a no sugar added and no pulp version. It seems to do the trick for the time being!

By the time all of that was finished, I went outside to take today's sunrise photo. Today was a bit gloomy. But the sky is always beautiful here, even when it is overcast. Then I began work! After a little time looking into what I was going to do for the day, I took a short break to take today's selfie. I almost always take several and pick the one I find fits that day's Vitamin G saying. Today's was about not dwelling on the past and looking forward. So I picked the selfie where I was looking up and off into the distance.

## Vitamin G

I've been writing and posting motivational and inspirational statements on social media for 3 years now. It was January 2021 when I began writing them. After the kind of year 2020 was, I felt called to begin spreading positivity in my world. I had no idea then that it would spread the way it has. I'm far from a social media influencer. However, I get replies and private messages all the time thanking me for all of the inspiration I am putting out there. So, for now, I plan to keep doing it!

Towards the end of 2023, I felt like some of the things I said did not always line up with the Bible. So I prayed about how I could better focus these statements to best line up with the best teachings from the Bible. I'm not preachy at all. And I never plan to be. But I do want to be sure that everything I encourage people with is well rooted in the very inspiration that keeps me grounded. None of this is about religion. In fact, I'm somewhat anti-religious. I'm all about relationship! Relationship with God and relationships with people. Therefore, I keep religion out of my relationships!

Here is today's post, "I’m going to stop looking back. I’m going to stop focusing on the past! It’s in the rearview mirror. Instead, I’m going to look towards what is ahead. There is something new and exciting to come! A new roadway is ahead taking me out of my past." This one was mostly inspired by Isaiah 43: 18-19; which reads, "Forget about the past, don't consider it. I will do a new thing; even now it springs forth; can you perceive it? I will even make a way in the wilderness, and rivers in the desert.“

## Work, work, work

I do not really have much to say about work. I honestly cannot say much even if I wanted to...hehehe I only bring up work because it was a significant part of my day. I was quite productive, though. I was moving right along on a project when...BAM! A meeting derailed my momentum...hehehe Isn't that always the way?! Nothing kills productivity quite like a meeting. Some are necessary. However, the 2 I had today were not. Even if my boss were to see this entry, I am not afraid to state that most meetings are a waste of resources. When I was the CIO of a company, I rarely called for meetings. And everything still got done!

## The best hamburger EVER

Yesterday, I wanted to make a hamburger so badly. I haven't actually made one at home since 2021. Long story short, I use to make the best hamburgers my family ever had. They would specifically request them and there were never any leftovers. Then my family was torn apart and I couldn't bring myself to make them again. I actually replaced that passion with tacos! Now I make tacos ALL THE TIME...hehehe Anyway, I couldn't make one yesterday because upon reading the label of the Impossible hamburger patties I purchased, I realized I needed to thaw them before I could cook them. DOH!

After spending overnight in the fridge, they were perfectly thawed this evening. I thought about this burger all day long. I had set my hopes so high, I was certain there was no way this burger was going to meet my expectations. Once my work day was over, I was more than ready to get cooking! I was both tired and hungry and completely ready for this impossible burger; both Impossible meat and impossible to meet my expectations...hehehe

For the bun, I went with a French hamburger bun that was made fresh at my local grocer. As I was purchasing these for the first time ever, the gentlemen behind me laughed and showed me he was getting some as well! He told me that he and his wife enjoy them and that gave me hope they were pretty good. They are definitly fantastic buns/rolls. I've even used them to finish eating sauces...so so good! For this burger, however, what I did was toast them in my toaster on the bagel setting as to only toast the sides facing inside the burger.

On the lower bun, I placed a thick layer of hot honey hummus. It's a sweet and spicy twist on one of my favorite spreads. I have never applied it on a sandwich before, though. I've only ever used it as a dip. I had seen an Instagram post where they put a layer of hummus on the bottom of a sandwich. So, I wanted to give it a try with this burger. I felt the honey and the spice would go well with not only the flavor and texture of the Impossible burger, but also with the crown I was going to be putting on this work of art.

After I flipped the burger in the frying pan, I tossed on a slice of a plant-based swiss style "cheese." This cheese alternative was really good. The favor was just right and the texture, very similar to real cheese. It's melting point isn't the same whatsoever, though. Fortunately, I do not really care about that. It still fit nicely on the burger while it was frying and easily transferred to the sandwich without falling off.

With the burger and "cheese" safely resting on that yummy layer of hot honey hummus (yes, I had to mentioned it by name again...hehehe), I applied a heap of baby arugula leaves on top. Although I had known about arugula for years, I did not realize just how amazing that plant was until 2023. Someone had mentioned it was a great leaf to use in pesto. Even though I haven't tried making pesto with it yet, the fact it was recommended for that made me think it might be a great alternative to my usual lettuce and spinach leaves I typically use for sandwiches.

While my bun was toasting, my burger was frying, and my fries were in the air fryer, I was frying a sunny side up egg. Just like the discovery of the amazing leaf known as arugula, someone introduced me to this crazy thing called chili crisp! Chili crips is essentially a Chinese chili oil typically used as a dipping sauce. When I was introduced to it, however, it was a great way to season a pan fried egg. So a dollop of chili crisp went into my single egg pan, and then an egg rested on top of the chili crisp. Shortly before everything else was finished cooking, this sunny side delight was ready. Once it crowned the burger, I dropped another dollop of chili crisp on the egg.

At this point, the sandwich was complete. Since this was my first experiment with a hamburger in over 2 years, I decided I needed to document the occassion. So I cut the burger in half and took the money shot; among others. After all of the photos were taken, and the sandwich was still warm, I reached the moment I had been waiting for and dreaming of since yesterday...

As I mentioned before, I use to make hamburgers all the time and mostly by request. I had a signature burger that my family craved. And I really enjoyed it myself. No other burger I have ever made can compare to this one! In fact, for me, I'd say it was the best burger I have ever eaten that was made by anyone. I say this with all humility. It was literally the best sandwich I have ever had. Considering how high my expectations were, that is saying something. This thing exceeded those expectations by a long shot! And I'm already thinking of ways I can improved it...HAHAHA

## The day is done

I wrote a lot more about that "hamburger" than I did about anything else today. And that's okay. It did occupy most of my thoughts today...hehehe After dinner, I sat down to write this entry in my journal. I'm so glad I did. It has been great looking back on the day and writing what I experienced. I want to thank my friend Chérie for inspiring me to rediscover the peace that comes from journaling. Last year, I wrote most of my journal in private. But this year, I wanted to have a space where anyone could read these random thoughts. And anything I cannot share publically will still go into a private space. Either in my own personal notes, or I sometimes write letters to Chérie. Somethings should remain private, you know?! Anything I can talk about publically, will still end up on this new journal I think. She helped me come up with the title for this blog. "So, I was thinking..."
